hey I'll just I'm behind this bamboo
shark this is the bamboo SH inlaid by
Santa Cruz skateboards it has bamboo
thatching inlaid into the top of the
deck super classy looking Scott grip is
still on there Spray grip script and
ready to rip it's a complete it's a
cruiser it cruises super well super fast
it's got road rider 65 millimeter 78 a
soft Cruiser wheels column jellies it's
got bullet 150 trucks that fit the deck
perfectly and turn killer this is one of
my favorite cruisers by Santa Cruz
because not only it's perfect for
transportation like getting places you
get around campus go to the store but
since it has a tail and a reasonable
wheelbase and the components it does you
could still do Ollie's on it you
kickflip you could write it at the skate
park it comes with a bottle opener how
cool is that
panda Chow construction means it's real
bamboo and that's what pandas eat so if
you have a panda I would keep them far
away from your bamboo inlay cruiser 33
inches long nine point seven inches wide
and is killer fun to ride super fast
it's got a back three bearings and
totally hauls but boom
you